Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Jean!
He's dead...
I'm in my prime again today!
This speed...
it's the Red Meteor Scarlet.
THE RED METEOR. SCARLET
O wind that sweeps through.
become a tornado
and tear the enemy apart...
This incantation...
It is said that no one who has seen
those flames has ever survived...
The Azure Grim Reaper!
Blue Death!
Blast forth.
Tornado Blade!
THE AZURE GRIM REAPER. BLUE DEATH
Marja! Nadja!
Dammit! They were targeting
our back line from the start!
You bastards!
What now?!
Curse you!
Gotcha!
I can see through you!
You were careless. You fool.
THE LAUGHING GOLDEN SKULL.
GOLDSKULL
THE HEAVY ARMOR OF MYSTIC MIST.
MAUVE TITAN
We've come this far...
Do you think you can escape from us?
A-All those rare items that
I painstakingly collected...
Notice. the battle is over.
THAT TIME I GOT REINCARNATED
AS A SLIME SEASON 4
EPISODE 76: INVITATION
What a bunch of weaklings!
This is hardly challenging!
You said it!
We're invincible and the strongest.
They are no match for us!
Hey. don't get too cocky.
This is still part of the job. after all.
Y-Yeah...
We got it. of course.
But I suppose...
We can go for another round. can't we?
Let's go!
Since the incident with Team Green Fury.
we've been hunting challengers. or rather.
undergoing special training every day.
There's no guarantee that Green Fury
won't come back for revenge.
The dungeon is operating smoothly.
and the town is bustling with activity.
Masayuki is truly an excellent poster kid.
As if he were the very
embodiment of pure luck.
he completed a rare set
of equipment from the series.
Taking advantage of the momentum.
they are now aiming for the 50th floor.
Starting with Masayuki's team.
we edited and aired montages
of challengers in the spotlight.
and those seem to have
sparked their motivation.
Among those seeking power and fame.
the number of truly skilled
challengers has been growing...
And standing tall before
all of them. is us four.
Look!
Here they come!
The Dungeon Dominators!
You can't have a game without
a proper challenge. after all.
We absolutely aren't just playing around!
It just doesn't quite hit the spot.
Aren't there any tougher challengers?
Easy. now.
Once the dungeon's reputation spreads.
more and more strong challengers
will start showing up.
We gotta train harder
and get stronger!
You've returned. Master Rimuru.
You have a guest. and I was
just on my way to fetch you.
Oh? A guest?
I see that Lady Milim is with us as well.
That's perfect.
Why's that?
Pardon the intrusion. Master Rimuru.
Huh?!
Frey!
Um. what brings you here today?
It's nothing of concern.
Oh hi. Milim.
So here you are.
That reminds me.
about the homework I gave you...
Have you finished it yet?
This brat just ditched work
to come here and have some fun.
Y-You're mistaken!
There's a very valid reason for this!
I see.
The guard I assigned to watch you
was wrapped up in a mat.
and was groaning in pain...
Surely you have a very valid
reason for that.
I-I was... with Rimuru and the others...
Huh?
Silly you. You could've just
told us you were busy!
Had I known that. I would not
have dragged you along. My bad.
You should've told us.
You meanies!
It's not what you think. Frey!
P-Please hear me out!
Oh. I will. gladly.
We'll do that. all day long.
once we get home.
Phew...
Somehow we averted it
without getting involved.
That was some teamwork well done.
Wasn't that the best ever?
Right!
Speaking of which. Master Rimuru.
What and where have you
been up to until now?
Huh?!
W-Well. I was just researching. you know!
I was researching the fighting styles
of the dungeon challengers firsthand!
Firsthand?
That means...
You were having a blast
playing in the dungeon?
S-She's so sharp!
I shall devote myself
to studying magic in my room.
I guess I'll tag along too.
Sorry. Milim. It really pisses me off
when people do these dumb stunts on me.
Notice.
There's no need for excuses.
If you act with conviction.
the problem will be solved.
Huh? What do you mean?
Master Rimuru!
Here you are.
Mjöllmile?!
We have received a letter
from the Council.
I'm guessing it's an invitation to attend
the meeting where they'll decide...
...whether or not to accept us
into the Council.
I see.
I was expecting this anyway.
What do you mean?
I suspected the Green Fury was a scout
sent by the Council to investigate us.
So. I did the same thing.
Rather. it was Ms. Raphael who actually
took care of everything...
...while we were out having fun.
My apologies.
I really thought you were just having fun
with Lady Milim and everyone.
It's fine.
Can't fault you
for perceiving it that way.
I managed to smooth
things over just in time.
But even with Ms. Raphael's help.
it is a fact I got so caught up in playing
that I neglected everything else.
I have to know when to stop.
Wait.
You were conducting the investigation
up until a moment ago. weren't you?
Ah.
Then. what were you investigating
after Green Fury left?
Master Rimuru?
M-Ms. Raphael?
The problem hasn't been
resolved yet. you know!
If you reflect after being scolded.
the problem will be solved.
Y-You're joking. right...
The existence of currency...
...is indispensable to
the development of civilization.
This marked the transition from an era
when grain was used as currency...
...to one where it was gradually replaced
by coins made of gold and silver.
and eventually to a paper-money economy
based on contracts and certificates.
Even within the Western economic spheres.
efforts were being made
through the council...
...to transition to a paper-money economy
using each country's own currency.
What's crucial is...
...creating a system where exchange rates
fluctuate based on national strength.
and ensuring that we are
the ones setting the rules.
Lest we can't guarantee
an absolute domination.
The value of each nation is determined
by the Council and the Five Elders.
And the one calling the shots is.
of course...
Me.
I. will always rule.
The Council of the West.
or CoW. for short.
KINGDOM OF INGRASSIA.
is a confederation comprising the nations
COUNCIL OF THE WEST HEADQUARTERS
surrounding the Great Forest of Jura.
The Council's goal was to benefit all
of humanity. regardless of a nation's size.
Its topics ranged widely. with monster
countermeasures at top priority.
followed by measures against droughts.
epidemics. and natural disasters.
And the current topic of debate...
...was whether or not to admit the monster
nation of Tempest into the council.
Perchance. we can trust Tempest?
So you say.
but if we anger that Demon Lord.
won't he unleash the Storm Dragon on us?
Don't sweat it. He's just a fox
borrowing the tiger's might.
The Demon Lord himself
probably doesn't amount to much.
Then how do you explain that
he managed to draw fighting Lady Hinata?!
It's hard to say whether
that story is really true...
He's right.
Where did that information
come from again?
They sure have the audacity to talk
about that right in front of me.
I was invited here as someone
who knows the Demon Lord Rimuru.
only to find out a bunch of incompetents
dragging things out like this...
This is a far cry from the meetings
I had at Tempest...
Well. I suppose Tempest's
is a special case.
Listen.
The Demon Lord Rimuru has declared
the Great Forest of Jura to be his territory!
May each and every one of you
ponder the implications of this!
Indeed. ever since
Tempest was established.
the damage caused by monsters
in our homeland has been decreasing.
Nonsense! You lot are being fooled
by the Demon Lord!
We're dealing with
the king of the monsters!
Well. unless you truly know what kind
of person the Demon Lord Rimuru is.
there's no way you could say
whether he does good for people or not.
But the real problem is the councilors
from the major countries.
As for me. it would be convenient
if Tempest joined the Council. but...
Ahem.
We might as well accept it.
If they say they want to join us.
we should welcome them.
However. they must bring a souvenir.
Sounds good. If we fight back.
we'll just end up like Falmuth.
However. they should be
mindful of their position.
Do they have any intention of abiding by
the international law we have established?
It shouldn't be a problem.
You've heard the rumors about
Duke Muese's downfall. haven't you?
Who cares about
Demon Lord Rimuru's intentions?
The only thing that matters is
whether he's useful or not. Period.
That's right.
Considering the developments in the East.
there's surely no reason to refuse
the Demon Lord's forces as allies.
The East. you say?!
Do you mean the Eastern Empire?!
Is that true. Lord Rostia?!
As you all know. there are
movements in the military...
...of the Nasca Namrium Ulmeria
United Eastern Empire.
I heard they've been holding a lot
of military exercises lately.
Are they now?!
Why now. of all times?
They're a military state that has devoured
countless countries voraciously!
What will become of us
if war breaks out?!
He's right!
- What'd we do if that happened?!
Is war about to break out?!
Calm down. It's not as if the Empire
is going to do anything right away.
How can I possibly stay calm over this?!
Now that the Kingdom of Falmuth
is gone. small nations like ours...
...can't even establish defensive lines!
That's why we should discuss
our countermeasures right here.
However...
Councilor Johann's point
is certainly valid.
Please try to compose yourself. everyone.
If we just throw our opinions
at each other without restraint.
then there is no point
in having a council.
Thank you. Councilor Gaban.
It's nothing.
I just don't think the Empire
would take action anytime soon.
The reason the Empire has never
attacked us so far...
...is because that Storm Dragon
was in the Great Forest of Jura.
And now it has been revived.
Are you really considering
relying on that evil dragon?
Perhaps you all have forgotten.
The Storm Dragon is now under
the control of the Demon Lord Rimuru.
And I believe he wishes
to join the Council. does he not?
Ridiculous!
That Storm Dragon?!
There's no way...
As Councilor Gaban said.
in the face of the Eastern threat.
this is no time for us to be
squabbling over our differences.
If the Demon Lord Rimuru
were to join the council.
his military might would surely
be of great assistance to us!
Indeed. We must unite the West.
first and foremost.
That goes without saying.
I support bringing Tempest in!
Me too!
That's a sensible choice.
Let's welcome Tempest to the Council!
Order in the court. please.
Now. let us vote on whether to approve
Tempest's joining the Council or not.
Those in favor. please stand up.
By a majority vote.
the Jura Tempest Federation
shall be recognized as our ally.
After sending an invitation to
the Jura Tempest Federation. the country itself.
and confirming the will
of the Demon Lord Rimuru.
the next meeting shall be convened.
That is all.
In the end. they only called me
because they're afraid of Rimuru.
Honestly. they should have
just asked me to make sure
the Demon Lord Rimuru
doesn't go on a rampage.
Using the Empire as a mere pretext.
What a farce.
I really don't want anything
more to do with the nobles.
Miss Hinata.
Ugh...
The Firstborn Prince of Engrassia...
Of all the nobles. I just had to
meet the most troublesome one.
Do you need something from me?
Would you mind sparing me
a moment of your time?
So. what exactly do you wish to discuss?
Actually. I have a request for you.
I'm planning to test Demon Lord Rimuru
at the next meeting.
The Demon Lord may
possess immense power.
but as a member of the Council.
he must fulfill his obligations accordingly.
Besides. we need to find out how much
he'll listen to our side of the story.
Is that so?
And...
...that's where you come in!
Since he's the Demon Lord.
it would be a disaster
if he were to go on a rampage.
I'd like to ask you to guard me.
Why me?
Huh? Why. you say...
T-That's because
I recognize your strength!
As the strongest Commander
of the Holy Knights in history.
I honor your strength as the Right Hand
of God and the Master Rooks!
There is no one in the Western
nations who can match you.
There are even rumors that you fought
the Demon Lord Rimuru to a draw!
If you're willing to cooperate.
we can safely uncover the true
nature of the Demon Lord Rimuru!
I wonder if this guy even realizes
what he's saying to me.
I suggest you refrain from doing that.
He is really strong.
There's no guarantee I could win
against him if we fight again.
After all. the rumor
that we fought to a draw...
...was deliberately spread
in the first place.
Lady Hinata. you don't have to
act all demure just because...
...you're in front of Lord Elric.
Although I wouldn't blame you
for falling for his charming face.
I have to refuse.
Huh?!
The Western Holy Church
and the Holy Empire of Lubelius...
...have signed a non-aggression pact
with Tempest.
Also. a word of advice. if I may.
I suggest you refrain from angering
the Demon Lord Rimuru.
What did you say?!
Y-You dare give me orders?!
Also. isn't it mandatory that a formal request
should be handed in properly?
I was just...
Excuse me.
You'll regret this. Miss Hinata!
Unfortunately for you.
I trust Demon Lord Rimuru.
A flimsy plan that just tries to take
advantage of whatever happens...
...is bound to be a failure.
But...
What if this conversation
and that meeting earlier...
...were both something planned
from the start by someone...
I guess that's a tad far-fetched. huh?
Shall we head out now.
Master Rimuru?
Yeah. you're right!
Master Rimuru!
Shion?
Ah!
Why do I have to stay behind?
It's not fair that you're taking
Lady Shuna and the others with you!
Oh. about that. you see...
Shion!
You're not just here to sit around!
Many of Tempest's top executives
are away right now.
That means you.
as the First Secretary.
are the only one
who can protect this place!
Oh!
Can you do it?
Sir!
I'm still a little worried about taking her
to a big city with so many humans.
All right. that's everyone.
I'm counting on you
while I'm away. Shion.
Sir!
Have a safe trip!
Shall we go?
Let's go to the Council!
Next time: The First Step.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-